Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
What's up favorite niece?
I'm supposed to tell you not to be
late for the party tonight.
Of course.
As the great poet Song Lian said...
"Man is limited
only by his imagination."
My father named me Jiuming.
which means ocean
or abyss.
My father and my sister
spent their lives studying the ocean.
It wasn't until they were both gone
that I began to wonder
what my purpose was.
But through Suyin's daughter Meiying.
I saw that there was a future.
I merged my father's research institute
with my company
to carry forward our tradition
of exploring the unknown in their honor.
To mark this tenth anniversary.
I want to introduce you all
to someone very special.
Her name is Haiqi.
She is the world's only megalodon
in captivity.
We found her injured as a pup.
Thanks to Haiqi. we've learned a
tremendous amount about the megalodons
as well as the trench where they live.
Protecting the ocean is crucial.
for China and all mankind.
Thank you.
Do you think there are more creatures
to be discovered down there?
There has to be.
Uncle. are you crazy?
Slowly. slowly.
Total success.
Uncle! Are you crazy?
It's all right. I'm good.
Yes. whenever you're ready?
These new suits will let us travel
anywhere and at any depth underwater.
No worries. no worries.
Mom and Grandpa talked about you
all the time.
Nothing good I suppose.
Wanna guess?
See this scar?
When I was 11
my father was busy in the lab.
So I snuck out to swim with my friends
on the rocky shores...
and had to get nine stitches
as a result of it.
When I returned home
my father taught me a real lesson.
- Grandpa?
- Of course.
He was kind to you
because you're his granddaughter.
but he was tough on me.
So after college. I started a company.
I wanted to get away from him.
I hadn't had any contact
with your grandfather for many years.
Then he asked your mom
to bring me this calligraphy.
"Dragon travelling
across the Four Seas."
I thought it was a form of ridicule...
but I came to realize that he wanted me
to find my own way.
Like the dragon...
I hope you can find your own fate.
What the hell are you doing?
Uncle. I thought you--
You're not going to get rid of me
that easily.
Hold on!
Karma will get you.
Shut up!
I don't think I can make it!
You can do it. It's ok.
We're going to die!
It's ok. it's ok.
Thank you for working.
Very funny.
I know you're looking for me and Jonas.
I also know you don't speak Chinese.
but I'm speaking it
to distract you guys.
because my friend is about
to attack you from behind.
Can you put your phone down?
After all these hard years
we're finally on vacation.
savor the moment.
I've already got 400 likes.
Come over.
What?
What are you doing?
Yaoyao...
Will you marry me?
Find it. idiot!
Wait!
Have you found it?
Go back!
Don't go into the water!
There's a shark!
Hang on. Meiying!
Throw me the bomb!
Catch it!
Next time don't run around. ok?